c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\bin\Debug\mitUpdate.exe.config
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\bin\Debug\mitUpdate.exe
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\bin\Debug\mitUpdate.pdb
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\mitUpdate.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\mitUpdate_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\mitUpdate.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\mitUpdate.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\mitUpdate.exe
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\mitUpdate.pdb
c:\users\ckool\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\mitUpdate.g.resources
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\ventanaDesinstalador.baml
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\ventanaDesinstalador.g.cs
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\bin\Debug\cpIntegracionEMV.dll
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\frmLogin.baml
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\frmLogin.g.cs
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\frmUpdate.baml
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\frmUpdate.g.cs
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.dll
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\bin\Debug\FontAwesome.WPF.xml
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\cargandoFormulario.baml
C:\Users\ckool\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\mitUpdate\mitUpdate\obj\Debug\formulario\cargandoFormulario.g.cs
